ListItem::Interactive design documentation (#2350)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/dropdown/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

</div>
!!!

### Badge usage

[Badges](/components/badge) in ListItems are optional. We recommend using only the `small` Badge option in order to more closely align with the text line height. Badges should be used sparingly and only when their use adds contextual value. Examples of appropriate use of Badge inside an Interactive ListItem include:

> - When an item is in beta or behind a feature flag (e.g., a new item that users should be able to easily locate).

Author: Thanks for clarifying! I will update all of these to use commas instead. I do think some of them still need to be "e.g." rather than all changing to "i.e." though

> - When an item is in beta or behind a feature flag, i.e., a new item that users should be able to locate easily.

Author: @heatherlarsen I feel confident about the use of i.e. vs e.g. in the other two but this bullet I'm unsure of. Your suggestion was i.e. but a new item seems like it wouldn't be the sole use case here so e.g. feels more appropriate unless you feel strongly?

Reviewer: Hmm, you might be right. I don't feel strongly about it.

Author: Thanks! I will keep this as i.e. then

- When an item has vital information associated with it that users should be able to see at a glance (e.g. a unique status).
- When an item should be distinguished from others in the list (e.g. an item view being Public vs Private).

![Dropdown use case examples](/assets/components/dropdown/dropdown-interactive-badge-example.png)

!!! Info

> The Figma component will not fully reflect the Badge wrapping behavior expected in the Ember component due to current known limitations in Figma’s autolayout settings.

Reviewer 2: [nit] I technically think that auto layout is two words

```suggestion
The Figma component will not fully reflect the Badge wrapping behavior expected in the Ember component due to current known limitations in Figma’s auto layout settings.
```

!!!

> Refer to [the full the guideline page for Badge] (/components/badge) to help inform choices around badge color and icon use. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe this could be simplified a bit?

Also a note on markdown links, the bracketed text should generally not have a space with the link in parenthesis; though looking in production it seems like the space got trimmed out? Just noting for future consistency.;

```suggestion
Refer to the [Badge guidelines](/components/badge) to help inform choices around color and icon use. 
```
